// EXAMPLE TOWNSFOLK - Washerwoman
{
  id: 'washerwoman',
  name: 'Washerwoman',
  edition: 'tb',
  team: 'townsfolk',
  ability: 'You start knowing that 1 of 2 players is a particular Townsfolk.',
  firstNightOrder: 32,
  otherNightOrder: null,
  setup: false,
  reminders: ['Townsfolk', 'Wrong'],
  flavorQuote: "Bloodstains on a dinner jacket? No, this is cooking sherry. How careless.",
  extendedSummary: `The Washerwoman learns that a specific Townsfolk is in play, but not who is playing them.

During the first night, the Washerwoman is woken, shown two players, and learns the character of one of them. They learn this only once and then learn nothing more.

You know that of the two players you are shown, one must be the Townsfolk you are shown. Importantly, this means that you know that the person you see is not the Drunk.`,
  tipsAndTricks: [
    "The Washerwoman is deceptively powerful. Even though you don't gain information on the evil players, you can confirm the identity of a good player. This player should be your focus for the game.",
    "When the Washerwoman is poisoned or is actually the Drunk, they will often get information that is easy to figure out is incorrect. If both players the Storyteller pointed at tell you they're a different character, you are likely the Drunk or poisoned.",
    "To find out which of the two players is the Townsfolk, either ask the group publicly or have a private conversation with each player individually. It is usually best to reveal what you know before the Townsfolk in question says who they are so they trust you more.",
    "Waiting until the final day to share your information can be very useful. If you can keep the Townsfolk that you know alive until the final day, then you know one player who is not the Imp!",
    "Talk to the Townsfolk player that you know, and secretly let them know that you know who they are. This way, you can form an alliance and defend each other.",
    "Beware of the Spy! They may register as a Townsfolk character to you. That player who you think is the Investigator may not be the Investigator after all.",
    "You can claim to be a more powerful character than you actually are. You start with all the information you're going to get, so if the demon kills you, they aren't killing the Slayer or the Fortune Teller."
  ],
  bluffingAs: [
    "You would have received your information on night one, and so should have it from that point onward. You will have been shown two players and one Townsfolk token.",
    "Claim to be the Washerwoman and point to at least one evil player. Then, name a Townsfolk character (preferably one not in play). If that evil player is clever, they may claim to be that Townsfolk, making you both look good.",
    "If a good player claims to be a particular Townsfolk, you can claim to be the Washerwoman and confirm them. This helps them trust you, allowing you to lead them astray.",
    "The Washerwoman can be a difficult bluff because sometimes the Townsfolk you say is in play, isn't. If this happens, claim to be the Drunk or poisoned.",
    "If you are the Spy or have access to a Spy, they can be invaluable in providing accurate information to back up your story."
  ]
},

// EXAMPLE MINION - Scarlet Woman
{
  id: 'scarletwoman',
  name: 'Scarlet Woman',
  edition: 'tb',
  team: 'minion',
  ability: "If there are 5 or more players alive & the Demon dies, you become the Demon. (Travellers don't count.)",
  firstNightOrder: null,
  otherNightOrder: 19,
  setup: false,
  reminders: ['Demon'],
  flavorQuote: "You have shown me the secrets of the Council of the Purple Flame. We have lain together in fire and in lust and in beastly commune, and I am forever your servant. But tonight, my dear, I am your master.",
  extendedSummary: `The Scarlet Woman becomes the Demon when the Demon dies.

If there are five or more players just before the Demon dies—that is, four or more players left alive after the Demon dies—then the Scarlet Woman immediately becomes the Demon, and the game continues as if nothing happened.

Travellers do not count as players when seeing if the Scarlet Woman's ability triggers.

If less than five players are alive when the Demon is executed, then the game ends and good wins.

If five or more players are alive when the Imp kills themself at night, the Scarlet Woman must become the new Imp.

If the Scarlet Woman becomes the Demon, they are that Demon in every way. Good wins if they are executed. They attack each night. They register as the Demon.`,
  tipsAndTricks: [
    "Stay alive! You are the backup plan. Play conservatively and don't draw too much attention to yourself early.",
    "Coordinate bluffs with your Demon to confirm each other. For example, claim to be the Washerwoman and 'confirm' the Demon's character claim.",
    "If the Imp is in danger, they can kill themselves at night to pass the Demonhood to you, making you look innocent.",
    "You don't register as a Demon, so characters like the Fortune Teller won't detect you. Use this to get 'confirmed' as good.",
    "Be bold about targeting your own Demon to make yourself look good - you can afford to because you're the backup plan."
  ],
  fightingThe: [
    "When the Scarlet Woman is in play, the Demon can be executed and the game continues. If you definitely killed the Imp but the game continues, suspect a Scarlet Woman.",
    "If the Imp kills themselves at night, the Demonhood must pass to the Scarlet Woman first before other Minions. Use this to narrow down where the new Demon is.",
    "The Scarlet Woman does not register as a Demon. The Fortune Teller won't detect them, and the Slayer won't kill them. Be wary of players overeager to be checked.",
    "If you know a Scarlet Woman is in play, leaving them alive can be strategic. On the final day with 3 players, you only need to decide: did the Demon pass to the Scarlet Woman or not?",
    "Unlike other Minions, the Scarlet Woman may deliberately try to get their Demon killed to look better. Watch for sudden allegiance changes when it drops below 5 players."
  ]
},

// EXAMPLE DEMON - Imp
{
  id: 'imp',
  name: 'Imp',
  edition: 'tb',
  team: 'demon',
  ability: 'Each night*, choose a player: they die. If you kill yourself this way, a Minion becomes the Imp.',
  firstNightOrder: null,
  otherNightOrder: 24,
  setup: false,
  reminders: ['Dead'],
  flavorQuote: "I am the needle. You are the doll.",
  extendedSummary: `The Imp kills a player each night and can pass on the Demonhood by killing themselves.

Each night except the first, the Imp chooses a player to kill. That player dies.

If the Imp kills themselves at night, a Minion becomes the Imp. The Storyteller chooses which Minion, but it's usually the Scarlet Woman if one is alive.

The Imp is the most straightforward Demon - simple but effective. The starpass ability creates interesting gameplay where the Demon can move around the circle.`,
  tipsAndTricks: [
    "Kill players who are gathering too much accurate information, like the Empath or Fortune Teller.",
    "Avoid killing the Ravenkeeper or Soldier if you can identify them - one wastes your kill, the other reveals information.",
    "Coordinate with your Minions on who to kill and who to keep alive to support their bluffs.",
    "If you're under heavy suspicion, kill yourself to pass the Demonhood to a Minion. This makes you look innocent.",
    "Consider not killing sometimes (if you have a Poisoner) to make it look like a Monk or Soldier is in play."
  ],
  fightingThe: [
    "The Imp kills every night (except the first). Track the deaths and look for patterns in who the Demon is avoiding.",
    "If a player you suspected dies at night, they were probably not the Imp. Use night kills as information.",
    "Remember the Imp can starpass - if you execute someone and the game continues with 5+ players, either you got the wrong person or a Scarlet Woman caught it.",
    "The Imp knows their Minions from the first night. Look for players who seem to be coordinating or covering for each other.",
    "Powerful characters like the Slayer or Virgin can help confirm the Demon's identity. Use them wisely."
  ]
}
